Hi there! Virtual gamer, Kizuna Ai here.
I'm always searching for games to kill time,
and so while searching, I found this super super cute,  unbelievably cute game!
Tada!
Lucky's Tale!
It's so cute.
Anyway, it's cute - everyone, look, touch!.. You can't touch it?
You can't touch it, but look at how it feels to touch it.
Well then, let's go!
Let's get started!
This pig is cute!
Pony-chan!
Ah, I need to enter my name.
Pony and...
Mister Kon.
Story mode is here?
Ah, this?
They're so cute!
"Lucky and Piggy" they're called, apparently.
But to me, they are Pony and Mr. Kon.
So cute!
Pony is super cute!
Amazing!
Pony is cute!
Ah, there's a mouse!
What? A tentacle? An octopos?
No! Pony!
No, no, no.
Oi!
I can't hit it.
Ah no, poor thing.
This is difficult, not being able to do anything.
Pony...
He was kidnapped!
That octopus kidnapped Pony.
We should go searching.
Ah, hello.
Oh, he's cute.
So cute!
I want to touch Pony too!
Cute!
So cute.
I'm so close!
Now what?
Ah, jump...
Oh, I can double jump.
Ah, awesome!
I see, I see
Then here..
Ah, I can hit with my tail.
I see.
So, I collect coins...
For now, we have to go this way.
Now here,
Oh!
OH!!
Ah! A diamond! A big diamond!
What's this? Can I take these guys?
I can't.
Then,
Then double jump!
I'm fine for coins.
Ah, this looks heavy, don't you think?
Can I beat this guy with it?
Oh!
Like this?
Ah, I did it!
I need to look for Pony.
I want to save him.
What's this?
I went in.
Oh, amazing.
Hit them with your tail.
Ah, amazing!
Ah, a diamond.
Then,
I go here and...
Ah, I see.
He's amazing, this guy. and cute.
Ah, no.
Ah, I liked that.
I really am a genius, aren't I.
Ah!
「ＣＯＭＥ ＯＮ」
Go!
Let's go.
Ah! I fell.
So I can grab onto the obstacles.
Where should I go?
Ah, good, good.
Ah, he looks like the octopus.
Ah, that's dangerous.
Where to?
Ah, I see!
These bug guys are my enemies but they're cute, too.
No, no, no!
Don't follow me.
Everything looks like it's gotten smaller!
Ah, so cute!
I wonder if I can touch this.
I can touch it.
Ok.
Ti.
Ny.
So cute.
"Hue hue hue", he says.
Cute.
Can I pick these up?
Ah! I blew them away!
Awesome!
I'm not going to lose to these bugs.
Ah! good, good.
Then?
Checkpoint?
Ah, I see, I see.
Go, go!
I wonder if these are all the diamonds...
For now, let's get out of this dangerous place.
I fell.
Huh?
Ah!
I'm sorry...
I'm so-o-rry...
I can't fall, can I?
Need to be careful.
Ah, I see, I see.
Feeling good, here's a checkpoint.
Where to now?
This seemed like it was open.
This way for now, I guess.
Hm?
A bomb.
I grab this...
Hm?
Ah!
Then...
Ah, this is hard.
Woah, woah.
Like this?
Then?
Ah, danger!
I'm not going fall? I'm ok?
Another?
Ah, then a diamond appears.
Ah, I warped!
I see.
Some flying thing is there.
Scary.
This is dangerous.
He's dangerous.
Like this?
Huh?
Ok.
I like this.
I'm not getting them all, but it's good.
Then?
I can't fall. Hm?
Hm?
Over here.
I can't fall but it's hard...
From here?!
This is to save Pony!
That's the first time that's happened!
Even though they were so nice until now.
Wait. Wait.
No.
Move!
Get out of the way!
Ah, this is good.
Then go this way,
Oh? Ah, I can go this way.
This way.
I didn't have to go up.
Then,
Wait, wait!
That was definitely the end!
Right? That was the end.
So I should climb up here?
Oops.
Ah, wait, wait!
Ah, we're ok.
Ah, I got there.
I wonder how much getting more points changes that.
Bye bye!
How was that?
I still haven't saved Pony,
but Mr. Kon is cute.
and the way he moves, don't you think?
Anyway, I think I'll try and save Pony on my days off.
That's all. This was Virtual Gamer, Kizuna Ai. See you next time!